
myself in situation as i cant figure out whom to trust,aravind metioned u beleive in work getting done and dont involve in politics

Arvind.

It has been 41 working days since I joined including public holidays and excluding weends.

The team is now at level 0. NOthing has been done which includes setting up a development where developers can work/debug and fix defects asigned. In spite they are delivering. All of this is being covered up.

Soon after I joined when I reached out to architects in other teams I was told to face that I am seting wrong expectations and I should say No when asked to take up anything new. This is all harassment and bullying. Demotivating and demoralizing to add.

When Baco de Chile customer issue came up I was all by myself interacting with multiple people across teams to gather information. Based on this I developed the solution which was presented before the client and 
1) lied to customer
2)solutions based on asssumptions ,in reality reached out to brian and christopher
3)reaching out is setting wrong expectations and nikhil will not back me up - if you do that I will not back you.

I had called up a meeting with Natesh after which the bullying increased many fold.

Client expectations ar enot set right - Sequence diagrams - we cant expose that. info sec violation. this is to add presssure and keep me occupied so that I cannot contribute productively.

withholding information
Argentina team left without kt but later in my research i found video seesions that was recorded by nikhil but was never mentioned.

Multiple times mentioned that he is not comfortable taking up DXL because higherups are not confident with my technical capabilities.

Work experience Ariba - I ave faced pressure before but this is artificially created. Multiple clients and parallel

All of this is to cover up failures and I have even been threatened that he will make sure that I cannot continue. I will be thrown out within a month. Even then I assure you no work will happen the way things are.

Kshitij
Senthil
Arvind

Smrithi Jha
Snthilnathan Venkatesan

Had a follow-up discussion with @Brian. I mentioned one of the considerations related to the database clean-up and Brian opined that was a valid use-case. Brian also mentioned that someone from the team had already reached out (without my guidance) to him to discuss database clean-up and Brian had shared a script. With the consideration I mentioned we would need to add more logic to the script. I had clearly mentioned to the team to include me when reaching out. Brian added that we have to be on the same page when dealing with customers. 



Confluence - DXL KT sessions